basic_commands.md, before:

# Welcome to basic command of git and bash!

In this little summary you will find some of the most fundamental commands for manipulating your computer.

### Create and delete directories
mkdir *name* : With this command you can create new folders instantaneously. 
rmdir *name* : With this command you can delete a folder. However, it needs to be empty to be deleted.

### Switch to another folder
cd ~/*name* : With this command you can move trough your computer files.

### Compare
`string1 = string2` and `string1 == string2` : You can compare string using this bash commands!

### Find files, folders and inside files
ls : This command shows you the files and folders of your present direction.
ls -a : Same as the last one but it also shows you hidden folders.

### Create and edit text files
touch *name* : This command just creates any kind of file you tell the computer to do.
nano *name* : This command opens nano's text editor, where you can create or edit any kind of plain text file.
vim *name* : Similar as nano, but another editor.
### Get the state of the computer:
git status : inside the folder this command tells you if there is any kind of change inside the files.

Commit message:

Basic commands got new commands

basic_commands.md, after:


# Welcome to basic command of git and bash!
In this little summary you will find some of the most fundamental commands for manipulating your computer.

### Create and delete directories
mkdir *name* : With this command you can create new folders instantaneously.
rmdir *name* : With this command you can delete a folder. However, it needs to be empty to be deleted.
 
### Switch to another folder
pwd | For checking your present position
cd *name* | For changing to an specific folder.
cd ~/*name* | With this command you can move trough your computer folders. Just that it considers your home location.
cd /*name*/*name*... | For changing to an specific folder writing all its direction.   

### Compare
git diff *branch1 branch2* | For checking differences between two branches.
git diff *file 1 file 2* | This command is for checking the difference between two files.
git diff --cached | For checking the difference with the last commit.
git difftool | For accessing the differences visually with an external window.
 

### Find files, folders and inside files
-For a general view:
ls | This command shows you the files and folders of your present direction.
ls -a | Same as the last one but it also shows you hidden folders.

-For specific things:
find | This command is for finding specific files. 
After the "find" if you write a "." is inside your present folder, a "/" for your whole system and a "~" for you home folder.
find . *name* | For searching files with the name you wrote.
find . -name *.format* | For searching files with an specific extension.
find . -not *name* | For searching files without an specific word. 

### Create and edit text files
touch *name* : This command just creates any kind of file you tell the computer to do.
nano *name* : This command opens nano's text editor, where you can create or edit any kind of plain text file.
vim *name* : Similar as nano, but another editor.
### Get the state of the computer:
git status : inside the folder this command tells you if there is any kind of change inside the files.
